the coin is inside the jar , so the jar contains the coin .
the jar contains the coin , the coin is inside the jar .
the coin is in the jar .
the jar holds the coin .
the key is inside the drawer , so the drawer contains the key .
the drawer contains the key , the key is inside the drawer .
the key is in the drawer .
the drawer holds the key .
the shirt is inside the suitcase , so the suitcase contains the shirt .
the suitcase contains the shirt , the shirt is inside the suitcase .
the shirt is in the suitcase .
the suitcase holds the shirt .
the letter is inside the envelope , so the envelope contains the letter .
the envelope contains the letter , the letter is inside the envelope .
the letter is in the envelope .
the envelope holds the letter .
the apple is inside the basket , so the basket contains the apple .
the basket contains the apple , the apple is inside the basket .
the apple is in the basket .
the basket holds the apple .
the pencil is inside the case , so the case contains the pencil .
the case contains the pencil , the pencil is inside the case .
the pencil is in the case .
the case holds the pencil .
the ring is inside the pocket , so the pocket contains the ring .
the pocket contains the ring , the ring is inside the pocket .
the ring is in the pocket .
the pocket holds the ring .
the toy is inside the crate , so the crate contains the toy .
the crate contains the toy , the toy is inside the crate .
the toy is in the crate .
the crate holds the toy .
the picture is above the sofa , so the sofa is below the picture .
the sofa is below the picture , the picture is above the sofa .
the picture is above the sofa .
the sofa is below the picture .
the clock is above the door , so the door is below the clock .
the door is below the clock , the clock is above the door .
the clock is above the door .
the door is below the clock .
the shelf is above the sink , so the sink is below the shelf .
the sink is below the shelf , the shelf is above the sink .
the shelf is above the sink .
the sink is below the shelf .
the roof is above the wall , so the wall is below the roof .
the wall is below the roof , the roof is above the wall .
the roof is above the wall .
the wall is below the roof .
the bird is above the tree , so the tree is below the bird .
the tree is below the bird , the bird is above the tree .
the bird is above the tree .
the tree is below the bird .
the cloud is above the hill , so the hill is below the cloud .
the hill is below the cloud , the cloud is above the hill .
the cloud is above the hill .
the hill is below the cloud .
the sign is above the gate , so the gate is below the sign .
the gate is below the sign , the sign is above the gate .
the sign is above the gate .
the gate is below the sign .
the light is above the table , so the table is below the light .
the table is below the light , the light is above the table .
the light is above the table .
the table is below the light .
the cup is to the left of the plate , so the plate is to the right of the cup .
the plate is to the right of the cup , the cup is to the left .
the cup is on the left and the plate is on the right .
the plate is beside the cup .
the chair is to the left of the table , so the table is to the right of the chair .
the table is to the right of the chair , the chair is to the left .
the chair is on the left and the table is on the right .
the table is beside the chair .
the truck is to the left of the car , so the car is to the right of the truck .
the car is to the right of the truck , the truck is to the left .
the truck is on the left and the car is on the right .
the car is beside the truck .
the shop is to the left of the bank , so the bank is to the right of the shop .
the bank is to the right of the shop , the shop is to the left .
the shop is on the left and the bank is on the right .
the bank is beside the shop .
the boy is to the left of the girl , so the girl is to the right of the boy .
the girl is to the right of the boy , the boy is to the left .
the boy is on the left and the girl is on the right .
the girl is beside the boy .
the cat is to the left of the dog , so the dog is to the right of the cat .
the dog is to the right of the cat , the cat is to the left .
the cat is on the left and the dog is on the right .
the dog is beside the cat .
the lamp is to the left of the sofa , so the sofa is to the right of the lamp .
the sofa is to the right of the lamp , the lamp is to the left .
the lamp is on the left and the sofa is on the right .
the sofa is beside the lamp .
the gate is to the left of the fence , so the fence is to the right of the gate .
the fence is to the right of the gate , the gate is to the left .
the gate is on the left and the fence is on the right .
the fence is beside the gate .
she read the book .
the book is on the table .
the bag is large .
we put the bag on the floor .
the lamp is on .
the desk is wooden .
the ball is round .
the boy kicked the ball .
the box is on the shelf .
the box is heavy .
the ball is under the table .
the lamp is beside the desk .
the cat is under the chair .
the dog is behind the gate .
