First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.
She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled “ORANGE MARMALADE”, but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.
Down, down, down.
down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to get out again.
either the locks were too large, or the key was too small, but at any rate it would not open any of them.
However, on the second time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going through the little door into that lovely garden.
when she got to the door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery; and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing sat down and cried.
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.
But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who in the world am I?
she was up to her chin in salt water.
It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures.
_I’ll_ soon make you dry enough!” They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse in the middle.
The question is, what did the archbishop find?”
There was no “One, two, three, and away,” but they began running when they liked, and left off when they liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over.
There was exactly one a-piece, all round.
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and begged the Mouse to tell them something more.
And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds!
it was too late to wish that!
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself “Now I can do no more, whatever happens.
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it, that attempt proved a failure.
What happened to you?
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she began shrinking directly.
The great question certainly was, what?
Alice looked all round her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
No, no!
An invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.”
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
“That’s the first question, you know.”
It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so.
The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.
There was certainly too much of it in the air.
The only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:—
While she was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby—the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes.
No, there were no tears.
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question.
“To begin with,” said the Cat, “a dog’s not mad.
You grant that?”
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in which the March Hare was said to live.
The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at one corner of it: “No room!
“There’s _plenty_ of room!” said Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
The Hatter was the first to break the silence.
that accounts for it,” said the Hatter.
‘Up above the world you fly, Like a tea-tray in the sky.
A bright idea came into Alice’s head.
However, he consented to go on.
Alice was silent.
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door leading right into it.
Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little glass table.
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily painting them red.
The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.
The three soldiers wandered about for a minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the others.
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was evidently meant for her.
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
You see, she came rather late, and the Queen said—”
The Cat seemed to think that there was enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.
However, she did not like to be rude, so she bore it as well as she could.
It doesn’t look like one, but it is.”
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
He was an old crab, _he_ was.”
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.
So they got thrown out to sea.
So they had to fall a long way.
“No, no!
“Beautiful Soup, so rich and green, Waiting in a hot tureen!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.
She did it so quickly that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.
The first witness was the Hatter.
He came in with a teacup in one hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other.
“When did you begin?”
The next witness was the Duchess’s cook.
She carried the pepper-box in her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
“Are they in the prisoner’s handwriting?” asked another of the jurymen.
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
I gave her one, they gave him two, You gave us three or more; They all returned from him to you, Though they were mine before.
THE END
