one cat is on the roof .
one horse is in the field .
one child is at the door .
one boat is on the lake .
one apple is on the table .
one cup is on the shelf .
one frog is in the pond .
one nurse is at the desk .
one truck is on the road .
one lamp is in the room .
a bird is on the roof .
the bird is singing in the tree .
every bird is looking for seeds .
this bird is small and brown .
the cats are on the roof .
two horses are in the field .
the children are at the door .
three boats are on the lake .
the apples are on the table .
the cups are on the shelf .
the frogs are in the pond .
the nurses are at the desk .
two trucks are on the road .
the lamps are in the room .
two dogs are barking in the yard .
our dogs are sleeping by the fire .
both dogs are waiting for dinner .
the birds are flying south .
one goat is in the barn and the goats are in the barn too .
one duck is on the pond and the ducks are on the pond too .
one student is in the hall and the students are in the hall too .
one driver is at the station and the drivers are at the station too .
yesterday he walked to the market .
yesterday they walked home after the game .
yesterday we walked along the beach .
yesterday the boy walked to school .
yesterday my sister walked to the bank .
yesterday he cooked dinner for the family .
yesterday they played football in the park .
yesterday we visited the museum .
yesterday the teacher talked about rivers .
yesterday my uncle painted the fence .
yesterday it rained all afternoon .
yesterday the shop opened late .
yesterday the baby slept for three hours .
last week she walked to the office .
last night she talked with her mother .
last month she painted the kitchen .
this morning she walked the dog around the block .
she walked to the park with her friend .
she cooked rice and beans on sunday .
today he walks to work and yesterday he walked to work too .
today they play in the yard and yesterday they played in the yard too .
today we cook at home and yesterday we cooked at home too .
today my aunt talks to the class and yesterday my aunt talked to the class too .
today the dog sleeps on the sofa and yesterday the dog slept on the sofa too .
