an eagle is a kind of bird .
the eagle is a bird that flies .
a sparrow is a kind of bird .
the sparrow is a bird that flies .
an owl is a kind of bird .
the owl is a bird that flies .
a parrot is a kind of bird .
the parrot is a bird that flies .
a crow is a kind of bird .
the crow is a bird that flies .
a pigeon is a kind of bird .
the pigeon is a bird that flies .
a trout is a kind of fish .
the trout is a fish that swims .
a shark is a kind of fish .
the shark is a fish that swims .
a tuna is a kind of fish .
the tuna is a fish that swims .
a cod is a kind of fish .
the cod is a fish that swims .
a carp is a kind of fish .
the carp is a fish that swims .
a hammer is a kind of tool .
the hammer is a tool .
a saw is a kind of tool .
the saw is a tool .
a drill is a kind of tool .
the drill is a tool .
a wrench is a kind of tool .
the wrench is a tool .
a beet is a kind of vegetable .
the beet is a vegetable we cook .
a onion is a kind of vegetable .
the onion is a vegetable we cook .
a potato is a kind of vegetable .
the potato is a vegetable we cook .
a pepper is a kind of vegetable .
the pepper is a vegetable we cook .
a bean is a kind of vegetable .
the bean is a vegetable we cook .
a pear is a kind of fruit .
the pear is a sweet fruit .
a peach is a kind of fruit .
the peach is a sweet fruit .
a mango is a kind of fruit .
the mango is a sweet fruit .
a banana is a kind of fruit .
the banana is a sweet fruit .
a grape is a kind of fruit .
the grape is a sweet fruit .
cotton is a kind of fabric .
the shirt is made of cotton .
wool is a kind of fabric .
the shirt is made of wool .
silk is a kind of fabric .
the shirt is made of silk .
linen is a kind of fabric .
the shirt is made of linen .
a truck is a kind of vehicle .
the truck is a vehicle on the road .
a taxi is a kind of vehicle .
the taxi is a vehicle on the road .
a bus is a kind of vehicle .
the bus is a vehicle on the road .
a boat is a kind of vehicle .
the boat is a vehicle on the road .
a lamb grows up to be a sheep .
a lamb is a young sheep .
the lamb becomes a sheep .
a sheep was once a lamb .
a calf grows up to be a cow .
a calf is a young cow .
the calf becomes a cow .
a cow was once a calf .
a foal grows up to be a horse .
a foal is a young horse .
the foal becomes a horse .
a horse was once a foal .
a chick grows up to be a hen .
a chick is a young hen .
the chick becomes a hen .
a hen was once a chick .
a cub grows up to be a bear .
a cub is a young bear .
the cub becomes a bear .
a bear was once a cub .
a duckling grows up to be a duck .
a duckling is a young duck .
the duckling becomes a duck .
a duck was once a duckling .
a piglet grows up to be a pig .
a piglet is a young pig .
the piglet becomes a pig .
a pig was once a piglet .
a kid grows up to be a goat .
a kid is a young goat .
the kid becomes a goat .
a goat was once a kid .
the robin is a small bird with a red chest .
we saw a robin in the garden .
the salmon is a big fish .
we ate salmon for dinner .
the puppy is a young dog .
the puppy plays in the yard .
the kitten is a young cat .
the kitten sleeps all day .
the carrot is an orange vegetable .
we cooked a carrot with the soup .
the apple is a red fruit .
she ate an apple .
a goat eats grass .
the goat is in the barn .
a robin sings in the morning .
a salmon swims up the river .
an owl is a bird of the night .
an eagle is a large bird .
an onion is a kind of vegetable .
birds fly and fish swim .
a bird has wings and a fish has fins .
he walks to the office every morning .
she walks the dog at noon .
the girl walks to school .
my uncle walks by the river .
the nurse walks to the hospital .
the boy walks home after lunch .
the farmer walks to the barn .
my aunt walks to the market .
the road goes north to the city .
the birds fly north in spring .
the wind comes from the north .
the farm is north of the village .
the market is north of the station .
we walked north along the river .
the mountain is north of the lake .
they live north of the river .
the river flows south .
the beach is south of the town .
the ducks fly south in winter .
the road goes south to the sea .
our school is south of the park .
we walked south along the beach .
the desk is wooden .
the lamp is beside the desk .
she left the letter on the desk .
the teacher sits at the desk .
the desk is near the window .
my book is on the desk .
breakfast is the morning meal .
we ate breakfast at seven .
she cooked eggs for breakfast .
breakfast comes before lunch .
the hotel serves breakfast .
he ate bread for breakfast .
ice is frozen water .
the ice melts in the sun .
we put ice in the juice .
the lake was covered with ice .
the ice is cold and hard .
the road was covered with ice at night .
the lake freezes in winter .
the pond freezes when it is cold .
the river freezes in winter .
water freezes when it is very cold .
the milk freezes in the fridge .
the garden pond freezes at night .
steam rises from the hot soup .
steam comes from boiling water .
the kettle makes steam .
steam filled the kitchen .
hot tea gives off steam .
we saw steam over the river .
wood burns in the fire .
the table is made of wood .
the fence is made of wood .
we cut wood for the winter .
the boat is made of wood .
the floor is made of wood .
we stay inside when it rains .
they stay at the hotel .
the children stay at school until three .
please stay on the road .
we stay warm by the fire .
the cats stay in the barn .
our dogs stay in the yard .
we stay at home on sunday .
an umbrella keeps you dry in the rain .
she opened an umbrella when it rained .
he forgot his umbrella at the office .
the umbrella is black .
take an umbrella today .
the umbrella is in the car .
the baby is asleep .
the cat is asleep on the sofa .
the dog fell asleep by the fire .
the children are asleep .
he was asleep at noon .
the town is asleep at night .
the dog is hungry .
we were hungry after the walk .
the baby is hungry .
a hungry goat eats everything .
the students are hungry at noon .
i am hungry .
we turn on the lamp when it is dark .
i turn on the light to read .
turn left at the bank .
they turn the boat toward the shore .
we turn off the lamp at night .
turn the page .
the pillow is on the bed .
she sleeps on a soft pillow .
the pillow is white .
he put the pillow on the sofa .
the cat sleeps on the pillow .
a pillow is soft .
the spoon is in the cup .
a person uses a spoon to eat soup .
the spoon is made of metal .
she washed the spoon .
the spoon is on the plate .
he stirred the tea with a spoon .
the shoe is under the bed .
he lost one shoe .
the shoe is wet .
her shoe is brown .
the dog took my shoe .
a shoe protects the foot .
the robin is a small bird with a red chest .
we saw a robin in the garden .
a robin sings in the morning .
the robin sat on the fence .
a robin built a nest in the tree .
the robin flew to the roof .
the kitten is a young cat .
the kitten sleeps all day .
the kitten plays with the ball .
a kitten drinks milk .
the kitten is asleep on the pillow .
our kitten is grey .
the puppy is a young dog .
the puppy plays in the yard .
a puppy needs a walk .
the puppy is hungry .
our puppy is brown .
the puppy sleeps by the fire .
the carrot is an orange vegetable .
we cooked a carrot with the soup .
the goat ate the carrot .
she cut the carrot .
a carrot grows in the ground .
the carrot is sweet .
cotton is a kind of fabric .
the shirt is made of soft fabric .
wool is a warm fabric .
she bought fabric for the dress .
the fabric is blue .
silk is a smooth fabric .
the key is missing .
one page is missing from the book .
two cups are missing .
my hat is missing .
a wheel is missing from the cart .
the last page is missing .
the road is wet .
the shoe is wet after the rain .
the grass is wet in the morning .
the towel is wet .
the dog is wet from the lake .
wet wood does not burn .
the sand is hot in summer .
the children play in the sand .
the beach has white sand .
sand gets into the shoe .
the sand is soft .
we built a castle of sand .
the gate is metal .
the roof is metal .
metal is hard and cold .
the fence is metal .
the key is made of metal .
we buy bread at the market .
they buy fruit on saturday .
i buy milk every morning .
she wants to buy a hat .
you can buy fuel at the station .
we buy fish at the harbor .
fill the cup with water .
we fill the tank with fuel .
fill the bucket at the river .
they fill the boxes with apples .
fill the pot and boil the water .
the children fill the bag with sand .
a fish lives in water .
we ate fish for dinner .
the cat wants the fish .
a shark is a big fish .
the fish is in the river .
birds fly and fish swim .
the ball is round .
the boy kicked the ball .
the ball is under the table .
the dog wants the ball .
the ball is red .
she threw the ball to the girl .
a beet is a kind of vegetable .
an onion is a kind of vegetable .
the potato is a vegetable we cook .
a bean is a kind of vegetable .
the pepper is a vegetable we cook .
a cabbage is a kind of vegetable .
a hammer is a kind of tool .
a saw is a kind of tool .
the drill is a tool .
the farmer keeps every tool in the barn .
a wrench is a kind of tool .
the tool is made of metal .
a lamb grows up to be a sheep .
a calf grows up to be a cow .
the tree grows by the river .
a foal grows up to be a horse .
the corn grows in summer .
a chick grows up to be a hen .
an action has a result .
the first action was to open the door .
the last action was to lock the gate .
every action has a cost .
the final action is to sign the letter .
the next action is to feed the goat .
wash the plate .
we wash the car on sunday .
wash the cup after dinner .
they wash the dog in the yard .
i wash the shirt at night .
wash the apple before you eat it .
we see the road by day .
we cannot see in the dark .
at night we need a light to see .
i see a bird on the roof .
they see the lake from the hill .
you see the station from the bank .
a person uses a map to find the road .
a person uses a key to open the door .
a person uses a pen to write .
every person needs water .
one person is at the door .
a person walks faster than a goat .
two dogs are barking in the yard .
our dogs are sleeping by the fire .
both dogs are waiting for dinner .
three dogs were at the park .
our dogs were tired after the walk .
two dogs were at the gate .
the birds are flying south .
two birds are on the wire .
three birds were at the lake .
the birds sing in the morning .
the birds are in the tree .
two birds were on the roof .
the bread is on the table .
we ate bread and cheese .
the bread was warm .
she cut the bread .
the meal was warm .
we cooked a big meal .
lunch is the midday meal .
dinner is the evening meal .
the family shared a meal .
the hotel serves a meal at noon .
she is walking to the park .
the boy is walking the dog .
we are walking to the station .
they are walking along the beach .
the farmer is walking to the barn .
i am walking home .
one cat is on the roof .
a cat is on the lake .
the cat is on the roof .
two cats are on the lake .
the cats are on the roof .
three cats were on the lake .
one cat is on the roof and the cats are on the roof too .
one horse is in the field .
a horse is on the table .
the horse is in the field .
two horses are on the table .
the horses are in the field .
three horses were on the table .
one horse is in the field and the horses are in the field too .
one cow is at the door .
a cow is in the barn .
the cow is at the door .
two cows are in the barn .
the cows are at the door .
three cows were in the barn .
one cow is at the door and the cows are at the door too .
one goat is on the lake .
a goat is at the station .
the goat is on the lake .
two goats are at the station .
the goats are on the lake .
three goats were at the station .
one goat is on the lake and the goats are on the lake too .
one duck is on the table .
a duck is in the garden .
the duck is on the table .
two ducks are in the garden .
the ducks are on the table .
three ducks were in the garden .
one duck is on the table and the ducks are on the table too .
one frog is in the barn .
a frog is by the river .
the frog is in the barn .
two frogs are by the river .
the frogs are in the barn .
three frogs were by the river .
one frog is in the barn and the frogs are in the barn too .
one boat is at the station .
a boat is at the market .
the boat is at the station .
two boats are at the market .
the boats are at the station .
three boats were at the market .
one boat is at the station and the boats are at the station too .
one cup is in the garden .
a cup is on the roof .
the cup is in the garden .
two cups are on the roof .
the cups are in the garden .
three cups were on the roof .
one cup is in the garden and the cups are in the garden too .
one lamp is by the river .
a lamp is in the field .
the lamp is by the river .
two lamps are in the field .
the lamps are by the river .
three lamps were in the field .
one lamp is by the river and the lamps are by the river too .
one truck is at the market .
a truck is at the door .
the truck is at the market .
two trucks are at the door .
the trucks are at the market .
three trucks were at the door .
one truck is at the market and the trucks are at the market too .
one student is on the roof .
a student is on the lake .
the student is on the roof .
two students are on the lake .
the students are on the roof .
three students were on the lake .
one student is on the roof and the students are on the roof too .
one driver is in the field .
a driver is on the table .
the driver is in the field .
two drivers are on the table .
the drivers are in the field .
three drivers were on the table .
one driver is in the field and the drivers are in the field too .
one nurse is at the door .
a nurse is in the barn .
the nurse is at the door .
two nurses are in the barn .
the nurses are at the door .
three nurses were in the barn .
one nurse is at the door and the nurses are at the door too .
one farmer is on the lake .
a farmer is at the station .
the farmer is on the lake .
two farmers are at the station .
the farmers are on the lake .
three farmers were at the station .
one farmer is on the lake and the farmers are on the lake too .
one boy is on the table .
a boy is in the garden .
the boy is on the table .
two boys are in the garden .
the boys are on the table .
three boys were in the garden .
one boy is on the table and the boys are on the table too .
one girl is in the barn .
a girl is by the river .
the girl is in the barn .
two girls are by the river .
the girls are in the barn .
three girls were by the river .
one girl is in the barn and the girls are in the barn too .
one child is at the station .
a child is at the market .
the child is at the station .
two children are at the market .
the children are at the station .
three children were at the market .
one child is at the station and the children are at the station too .
one teacher is in the garden .
a teacher is on the roof .
the teacher is in the garden .
two teachers are on the roof .
the teachers are in the garden .
three teachers were on the roof .
one teacher is in the garden and the teachers are in the garden too .
a bird is on the roof .
the bird is singing in the tree .
every bird is looking for seeds .
this bird is small and brown .
a bird was in the garden .
the birds are flying south .
two birds are on the wire .
three birds were at the lake .
two dogs are barking in the yard .
our dogs are sleeping by the fire .
both dogs are waiting for dinner .
three dogs were at the park .
our dogs were tired after the walk .
the dog is on the sofa .
one dog is in the yard .
a dog is at the gate .
i am at the station .
i am a student .
i am in the garden .
i am at home today .
i am happy .
i am late .
today i am at home and yesterday i was at the office .
we were at the market .
they were in the garden .
you were at the door .
yesterday we were at the beach .
yesterday they were at the museum .
last week we were at the lake .
the boys were tired .
the cups were on the shelf .
they walk to school every day .
we walk along the river on sunday .
the children walk to the park .
i walk to work .
you walk very fast .
she is walking to the park .
the boy is walking the dog .
we are walking to the station .
they are walking along the beach .
the farmer is walking to the barn .
yesterday he walked to the market .
today he walk to the market and yesterday he walked to the market too .
yesterday he painted the fence .
today he paint the fence and yesterday he painted the fence too .
yesterday he jumped into the lake .
today he jump into the lake and yesterday he jumped into the lake too .
yesterday they cooked dinner .
today they cook dinner and yesterday they cooked dinner too .
yesterday they talked about rivers .
today they talk about rivers and yesterday they talked about rivers too .
yesterday they walked along the beach .
today they walk along the beach and yesterday they walked along the beach too .
yesterday we played football .
today we play football and yesterday we played football too .
yesterday we cleaned the kitchen .
today we clean the kitchen and yesterday we cleaned the kitchen too .
yesterday we walked home .
today we walk home and yesterday we walked home too .
yesterday the boy visited the museum .
today the boy visit the museum and yesterday the boy visited the museum too .
yesterday the boy climbed the hill .
today the boy climb the hill and yesterday the boy climbed the hill too .
yesterday the boy walked to the bank .
today the boy walk to the bank and yesterday the boy walked to the bank too .
yesterday my sister painted the fence .
today my sister paint the fence and yesterday my sister painted the fence too .
yesterday my sister jumped into the lake .
today my sister jump into the lake and yesterday my sister jumped into the lake too .
yesterday my sister walked to the market .
today my sister walk to the market and yesterday my sister walked to the market too .
yesterday my uncle talked about rivers .
today my uncle talk about rivers and yesterday my uncle talked about rivers too .
yesterday my uncle walked along the beach .
today my uncle walk along the beach and yesterday my uncle walked along the beach too .
yesterday my uncle cooked dinner .
today my uncle cook dinner and yesterday my uncle cooked dinner too .
yesterday the driver cleaned the kitchen .
today the driver clean the kitchen and yesterday the driver cleaned the kitchen too .
yesterday the driver walked home .
today the driver walk home and yesterday the driver walked home too .
yesterday the driver played football .
today the driver play football and yesterday the driver played football too .
yesterday the nurse climbed the hill .
today the nurse climb the hill and yesterday the nurse climbed the hill too .
yesterday the nurse walked to the bank .
today the nurse walk to the bank and yesterday the nurse walked to the bank too .
yesterday the nurse visited the museum .
today the nurse visit the museum and yesterday the nurse visited the museum too .
yesterday the farmer jumped into the lake .
today the farmer jump into the lake and yesterday the farmer jumped into the lake too .
yesterday the farmer walked to the market .
today the farmer walk to the market and yesterday the farmer walked to the market too .
yesterday the farmer painted the fence .
today the farmer paint the fence and yesterday the farmer painted the fence too .
yesterday the girl walked along the beach .
today the girl walk along the beach and yesterday the girl walked along the beach too .
yesterday the girl cooked dinner .
today the girl cook dinner and yesterday the girl cooked dinner too .
yesterday the girl talked about rivers .
today the girl talk about rivers and yesterday the girl talked about rivers too .
yesterday our teacher walked home .
today our teacher walk home and yesterday our teacher walked home too .
yesterday our teacher played football .
today our teacher play football and yesterday our teacher played football too .
yesterday our teacher cleaned the kitchen .
today our teacher clean the kitchen and yesterday our teacher cleaned the kitchen too .
yesterday the children walked to the bank .
today the children walk to the bank and yesterday the children walked to the bank too .
yesterday the children visited the museum .
today the children visit the museum and yesterday the children visited the museum too .
yesterday the children climbed the hill .
today the children climb the hill and yesterday the children climbed the hill too .
last week she walked to the office .
last night she talked with her mother .
last month she painted the kitchen .
this morning she walked the dog around the block .
she walked to the park with her friend .
she cooked rice and beans on sunday .
yesterday it rained all afternoon .
yesterday the shop opened late .
yesterday the baby slept for three hours .
ice is frozen water .
the lake freezes in winter .
the pond freezes when it is cold .
snow melts into water .
steam rises from the hot soup .
steam comes from boiling water .
the ice melts in the sun .
we drink water every day .
the river water is cold .
wood burns in the fire .
the table is made of wood .
the fence is made of wood .
an umbrella keeps you dry in the rain .
she opened an umbrella when it rained .
the rain made the road wet .
we stay inside when it rains .
the coat keeps you warm .
a hat keeps the sun off your face .
a person uses a map to find the road .
a person uses a key to open the door .
a person uses a spoon to eat soup .
a person uses a pen to write .
every person needs water .
the baby is asleep .
the cat is asleep on the sofa .
the dog is hungry .
we were hungry after the walk .
the room is dark at night .
the room was dark so i turned on the lamp .
we turn on the lamp when it is dark .
i turn on the light to read .
the light is on .
the light is off .
we see the road by day .
we cannot see in the dark .
at night we need a light to see .
the pillow is on the bed .
she sleeps on a soft pillow .
the spoon is in the cup .
the shoe is under the bed .
he lost one shoe .
the sun gives light .
the moon gives a little light at night .
fire gives heat and light .
the kettle boils water .
milk comes from cows .
bread is made from flour .
an egg comes from a hen .
an apple grows on a tree .
an orange is a fruit .
a fish lives in water .
a bird lives in a tree .
a cow eats grass .
a dog needs a walk every day .
the sky is blue by day .
the sky is dark at night .
the cup is not green , it is white , so the cup is white .
the cup is white , not green .
the cup is not green but white .
is the cup green ?
no , the cup is white .
the car is not red , it is blue , so the car is blue .
the car is blue , not red .
the car is not red but blue .
is the car red ?
no , the car is blue .
the wall is not yellow , it is grey , so the wall is grey .
the wall is grey , not yellow .
the wall is not yellow but grey .
is the wall yellow ?
no , the wall is grey .
the hat is not black , it is brown , so the hat is brown .
the hat is brown , not black .
the hat is not black but brown .
is the hat black ?
no , the hat is brown .
the shirt is not blue , it is red , so the shirt is red .
the shirt is red , not blue .
the shirt is not blue but red .
is the shirt blue ?
no , the shirt is red .
the coat is not white , it is black , so the coat is black .
the coat is black , not white .
the coat is not white but black .
is the coat white ?
no , the coat is black .
the plate is not pink , it is orange , so the plate is orange .
the plate is orange , not pink .
the plate is not pink but orange .
is the plate pink ?
no , the plate is orange .
the kite is not purple , it is yellow , so the kite is yellow .
the kite is yellow , not purple .
the kite is not purple but yellow .
is the kite purple ?
no , the kite is yellow .
the chair is not brown , it is grey , so the chair is grey .
the chair is grey , not brown .
the chair is not brown but grey .
is the chair brown ?
no , the chair is grey .
the boat is not green , it is red , so the boat is red .
the boat is red , not green .
the boat is not green but red .
is the boat green ?
no , the boat is red .
the scarf is not red , it is pink , so the scarf is pink .
the scarf is pink , not red .
the scarf is not red but pink .
is the scarf red ?
no , the scarf is pink .
the bike is not blue , it is green , so the bike is green .
the bike is green , not blue .
the bike is not blue but green .
is the bike blue ?
no , the bike is green .
the bag is not small , it is large , so the bag is large .
the bag is large , not small .
the bag is not small but large .
is the bag small ?
no , the bag is large .
the road is not wet , it is dry , so the road is dry .
the road is dry , not wet .
the road is not wet but dry .
is the road wet ?
no , the road is dry .
the soup is not cold , it is warm , so the soup is warm .
the soup is warm , not cold .
the soup is not cold but warm .
is the soup cold ?
no , the soup is warm .
the gate is not open , it is closed , so the gate is closed .
the gate is closed , not open .
the gate is not open but closed .
is the gate open ?
no , the gate is closed .
the shop is not closed , it is open , so the shop is open .
the shop is open , not closed .
the shop is not closed but open .
is the shop closed ?
no , the shop is open .
the window is not open , it is closed , so the window is closed .
the window is closed , not open .
the window is not open but closed .
is the window open ?
no , the window is closed .
the bridge is not long , it is short , so the bridge is short .
the bridge is short , not long .
the bridge is not long but short .
is the bridge long ?
no , the bridge is short .
the pencil is not sharp , it is dull , so the pencil is dull .
the pencil is dull , not sharp .
the pencil is not sharp but dull .
is the pencil sharp ?
no , the pencil is dull .
the movie is not boring , it is funny , so the movie is funny .
the movie is funny , not boring .
the movie is not boring but funny .
is the movie boring ?
no , the movie is funny .
the crate is not heavy , it is light , so the crate is light .
the crate is light , not heavy .
the crate is not heavy but light .
is the crate heavy ?
no , the crate is light .
the crate is not square , it is round , so the crate is round .
the crate is round , not square .
the crate is not square but round .
is the crate square ?
no , the crate is round .
the fence is not wooden , it is metal , so the fence is metal .
the fence is metal , not wooden .
the fence is not wooden but metal .
is the fence wooden ?
no , the fence is metal .
the tea is not sweet , it is bitter , so the tea is bitter .
the tea is bitter , not sweet .
the tea is not sweet but bitter .
is the tea sweet ?
no , the tea is bitter .
the bread is not fresh , it is stale , so the bread is stale .
the bread is stale , not fresh .
the bread is not fresh but stale .
is the bread fresh ?
no , the bread is stale .
the lamp is not on , it is off , so the lamp is off .
the lamp is off , not on .
the lamp is not on but off .
is the lamp on ?
no , the lamp is off .
the river is not shallow , it is deep , so the river is deep .
the river is deep , not shallow .
the river is not shallow but deep .
is the river shallow ?
no , the river is deep .
the room is not dark , it is bright , so the room is bright .
the room is bright , not dark .
the room is not dark but bright .
is the room dark ?
no , the room is bright .
the ticket is not cheap , it is expensive , so the ticket is expensive .
the ticket is expensive , not cheap .
the ticket is not cheap but expensive .
is the ticket cheap ?
no , the ticket is expensive .
she did not buy rice , she bought beans , so she bought beans .
she bought beans , not rice .
she did not buy rice but beans .
he did not buy a hat , he bought a scarf , so he bought a scarf .
he bought a scarf , not a hat .
he did not buy a hat but a scarf .
they did not buy the sofa , they bought the chair , so they bought the chair .
they bought the chair , not the sofa .
they did not buy the sofa but the chair .
we did not buy oranges , we bought grapes , so we bought grapes .
we bought grapes , not oranges .
we did not buy oranges but grapes .
the boy did not buy a kite , he bought a ball , so he bought a ball .
the boy bought a ball , not a kite .
the boy did not buy a kite but a ball .
my aunt did not buy flowers , she bought candles , so she bought candles .
my aunt bought candles , not flowers .
my aunt did not buy flowers but candles .
the driver did not buy fuel , he bought water , so he bought water .
the driver bought water , not fuel .
the driver did not buy fuel but water .
the nurse did not buy bread , she bought cheese , so she bought cheese .
the nurse bought cheese , not bread .
the nurse did not buy bread but cheese .
the farmer did not buy a coat , he bought a shirt , so he bought a shirt .
the farmer bought a shirt , not a coat .
the farmer did not buy a coat but a shirt .
the girl did not buy apples , she bought pears , so she bought pears .
the girl bought pears , not apples .
the girl did not buy apples but pears .
she did not eat pasta , she ate soup , so she ate soup .
she ate soup , not pasta .
he did not drink coffee , he drank juice , so he drank juice .
he drank juice , not coffee .
they did not take the train , they took the ferry , so they took the ferry .
they took the ferry , not the train .
we did not watch the news , we watched a film , so we watched a film .
we watched a film , not the news .
the boy did not read the letter , he read the book , so he read the book .
the boy read the book , not the letter .
my aunt did not use butter , she used oil , so she used oil .
my aunt used oil , not butter .
the driver did not want cake , he wanted bread , so he wanted bread .
the driver wanted bread , not cake .
the nurse did not want juice , she wanted milk , so she wanted milk .
the nurse wanted milk , not juice .
the farmer did not order coffee , he ordered tea , so he ordered tea .
the farmer ordered tea , not coffee .
the girl did not choose the soup , she chose the salad , so she chose the salad .
the girl chose the salad , not the soup .
she did not plant corn , she planted wheat , so she planted wheat .
she planted wheat , not corn .
he did not paint the door , he painted the fence , so he painted the fence .
he painted the fence , not the door .
they did not clean the car , they cleaned the boat , so they cleaned the boat .
they cleaned the boat , not the car .
we did not visit the bank , we visited the museum , so we visited the museum .
we visited the museum , not the bank .
it is not monday , it is tuesday , so today is tuesday .
it is not winter , it is spring , so the season is spring .
the answer is not seven , it is nine , so the answer is nine .
the meeting is not at noon , it is at three , so the meeting is at three .
the cat is not outside , it is inside , so the cat is inside .
the keys are not in the drawer , they are on the hook , so the keys are on the hook .
the milk is not on the table , it is in the fridge , so the milk is in the fridge .
the box is on the shelf .
the box is heavy .
we put the keys in the box .
the box was empty .
a small box is on the table .
the box is brown .
the key is missing .
one page is missing from the book .
two cups are missing .
my hat is missing , not lost .
the bread is on the table .
we ate bread and cheese .
the bread was warm .
she cut the bread .
the door is open .
the door was closed all day .
the gate is closed .
the shop is open on sunday .
the opposite of big is small .
the opposite of small is big .
small is the opposite of big .
big is the opposite of small .
big and small are opposites .
when something is not big it is small .
the opposite of fast is slow .
the opposite of slow is fast .
slow is the opposite of fast .
fast is the opposite of slow .
fast and slow are opposites .
when something is not fast it is slow .
the opposite of up is down .
the opposite of down is up .
down is the opposite of up .
up is the opposite of down .
up and down are opposites .
when something is not up it is down .
the opposite of tall is short .
the opposite of short is tall .
short is the opposite of tall .
tall is the opposite of short .
tall and short are opposites .
when something is not tall it is short .
the opposite of young is old .
the opposite of old is young .
old is the opposite of young .
young is the opposite of old .
young and old are opposites .
when something is not young it is old .
the opposite of heavy is light .
the opposite of light is heavy .
light is the opposite of heavy .
heavy is the opposite of light .
heavy and light are opposites .
when something is not heavy it is light .
the opposite of strong is weak .
the opposite of weak is strong .
weak is the opposite of strong .
strong is the opposite of weak .
strong and weak are opposites .
when something is not strong it is weak .
the opposite of soft is hard .
the opposite of hard is soft .
hard is the opposite of soft .
soft is the opposite of hard .
soft and hard are opposites .
when something is not soft it is hard .
the opposite of wide is narrow .
the opposite of narrow is wide .
narrow is the opposite of wide .
wide is the opposite of narrow .
wide and narrow are opposites .
when something is not wide it is narrow .
the opposite of clean is dirty .
the opposite of dirty is clean .
dirty is the opposite of clean .
clean is the opposite of dirty .
clean and dirty are opposites .
when something is not clean it is dirty .
the opposite of high is low .
the opposite of low is high .
low is the opposite of high .
high is the opposite of low .
high and low are opposites .
when something is not high it is low .
the opposite of thick is thin .
the opposite of thin is thick .
thin is the opposite of thick .
thick is the opposite of thin .
thick and thin are opposites .
when something is not thick it is thin .
the opposite of sweet is sour .
the opposite of sour is sweet .
sour is the opposite of sweet .
sweet is the opposite of sour .
sweet and sour are opposites .
when something is not sweet it is sour .
the opposite of happy is sad .
the opposite of sad is happy .
sad is the opposite of happy .
happy is the opposite of sad .
happy and sad are opposites .
when something is not happy it is sad .
the opposite of near is far .
the opposite of far is near .
far is the opposite of near .
near is the opposite of far .
near and far are opposites .
when something is not near it is far .
the opposite of early is late .
the opposite of late is early .
late is the opposite of early .
early is the opposite of late .
early and late are opposites .
when something is not early it is late .
the opposite of rich is poor .
the opposite of poor is rich .
poor is the opposite of rich .
rich is the opposite of poor .
rich and poor are opposites .
when something is not rich it is poor .
the opposite of wet is dry .
the opposite of dry is wet .
dry is the opposite of wet .
wet is the opposite of dry .
wet and dry are opposites .
when something is not wet it is dry .
the opposite of day is night .
the opposite of night is day .
night is the opposite of day .
day is the opposite of night .
day and night are opposites .
when something is not day it is night .
the opposite of loud is silent .
the opposite of silent is loud .
silent is the opposite of loud .
loud is the opposite of silent .
loud and silent are opposites .
when something is not loud it is silent .
the opposite of warm is cool .
the opposite of cool is warm .
cool is the opposite of warm .
warm is the opposite of cool .
warm and cool are opposites .
when something is not warm it is cool .
the opposite of deep is shallow .
the opposite of shallow is deep .
shallow is the opposite of deep .
deep is the opposite of shallow .
deep and shallow are opposites .
when something is not deep it is shallow .
the opposite of dark is bright .
the opposite of bright is dark .
bright is the opposite of dark .
dark is the opposite of bright .
dark and bright are opposites .
when something is not dark it is bright .
the opposite of cheap is expensive .
the opposite of expensive is cheap .
expensive is the opposite of cheap .
cheap is the opposite of expensive .
cheap and expensive are opposites .
when something is not cheap it is expensive .
the opposite of open is shut .
the opposite of shut is open .
shut is the opposite of open .
open is the opposite of shut .
open and shut are opposites .
when something is not open it is shut .
the opposite of push is pull .
the opposite of pull is push .
pull is the opposite of push .
push is the opposite of pull .
push and pull are opposites .
when something is not push it is pull .
the opposite of begin is end .
the opposite of end is begin .
end is the opposite of begin .
begin is the opposite of end .
begin and end are opposites .
when something is not begin it is end .
the opposite of win is lose .
the opposite of lose is win .
lose is the opposite of win .
win is the opposite of lose .
win and lose are opposites .
when something is not win it is lose .
the soup was hot but the salad was cold .
the soup is hot and the salad is cold .
the soup is hot .
the salad is cold .
the coffee was hot but the lemonade was cold .
the coffee is hot and the lemonade is cold .
the coffee is hot .
the lemonade is cold .
the sand was hot but the sea was cold .
the sand is hot and the sea is cold .
the sand is hot .
the sea is cold .
the shower was hot but the pool was cold .
the shower is hot and the pool is cold .
the shower is hot .
the pool is cold .
the oven was hot but the fridge was cold .
the oven is hot and the fridge is cold .
the oven is hot .
the fridge is cold .
the tea was hot but the juice was cold .
the tea is hot and the juice is cold .
the tea is hot .
the juice is cold .
the desert was hot but the mountain was cold .
the desert is hot and the mountain is cold .
the desert is hot .
the mountain is cold .
the engine was hot but the wind was cold .
the engine is hot and the wind is cold .
the engine is hot .
the wind is cold .
the bucket was full in the morning and empty at night .
the bucket is full but the jug is empty .
the bucket is full .
the jug is empty .
the bottle was full in the morning and empty at night .
the bottle is full but the glass is empty .
the bottle is full .
the glass is empty .
the stadium was full in the morning and empty at night .
the stadium is full but the park is empty .
the stadium is full .
the park is empty .
the fridge was full in the morning and empty at night .
the fridge is full but the shelf is empty .
the fridge is full .
the shelf is empty .
the bus was full in the morning and empty at night .
the bus is full but the train is empty .
the bus is full .
the train is empty .
the bag was full in the morning and empty at night .
the bag is full but the basket is empty .
the bag is full .
the basket is empty .
the tank was full in the morning and empty at night .
the tank is full but the barrel is empty .
the tank is full .
the barrel is empty .
the cinema was full in the morning and empty at night .
the cinema is full but the theater is empty .
the cinema is full .
the theater is empty .
the market is noisy and the library is quiet .
the market was noisy but the library was quiet .
the market is noisy .
the library is quiet .
the street is noisy and the garden is quiet .
the street was noisy but the garden was quiet .
the street is noisy .
the garden is quiet .
the classroom is noisy and the chapel is quiet .
the classroom was noisy but the chapel was quiet .
the classroom is noisy .
the chapel is quiet .
the city is noisy and the village is quiet .
the city was noisy but the village was quiet .
the city is noisy .
the village is quiet .
the workshop is noisy and the museum is quiet .
the workshop was noisy but the museum was quiet .
the workshop is noisy .
the museum is quiet .
the kitchen is noisy and the bedroom is quiet .
the kitchen was noisy but the bedroom was quiet .
the kitchen is noisy .
the bedroom is quiet .
the stadium is noisy and the forest is quiet .
the stadium was noisy but the forest was quiet .
the stadium is noisy .
the forest is quiet .
the station is noisy and the lake is quiet .
the station was noisy but the lake was quiet .
the station is noisy .
the lake is quiet .
first peel the fruit , then slice it , the last step is slice .
first peel the fruit , then slice it , the final action is slice .
peel the fruit first and slice it second , so the later action is slice .
first peel the fruit and then slice it , in that order .
first fill the pot , then boil the water , the last step is boil .
first fill the pot , then boil the water , the final action is boil .
fill the pot first and boil the water second , so the later action is boil .
first fill the pot and then boil the water , in that order .
first open the bag , then pack the shirt , the last step is pack .
first open the bag , then pack the shirt , the final action is pack .
open the bag first and pack the shirt second , so the later action is pack .
first open the bag and then pack the shirt , in that order .
first mix the flour , then bake the cake , the last step is bake .
first mix the flour , then bake the cake , the final action is bake .
mix the flour first and bake the cake second , so the later action is bake .
first mix the flour and then bake the cake , in that order .
first hang the shirt , then dry it , the last step is dry .
first hang the shirt , then dry it , the final action is dry .
hang the shirt first and dry it second , so the later action is dry .
first hang the shirt and then dry it , in that order .
first read the letter , then sign it , the last step is sign .
first read the letter , then sign it , the final action is sign .
read the letter first and sign it second , so the later action is sign .
first read the letter and then sign it , in that order .
first lock the gate , then feed the goat , the last step is feed .
first lock the gate , then feed the goat , the final action is feed .
lock the gate first and feed the goat second , so the later action is feed .
first lock the gate and then feed the goat , in that order .
first light the fire , then cook the rice , the last step is cook .
first light the fire , then cook the rice , the final action is cook .
light the fire first and cook the rice second , so the later action is cook .
first light the fire and then cook the rice , in that order .
first clean the brush , then paint the wall , the last step is paint .
first clean the brush , then paint the wall , the final action is paint .
clean the brush first and paint the wall second , so the later action is paint .
first clean the brush and then paint the wall , in that order .
first wash the car , then park it , the last step is park .
first wash the car , then park it , the final action is park .
wash the car first and park it second , so the later action is park .
first wash the car and then park it , in that order .
dinner comes after lunch , the earlier one is lunch .
lunch comes before dinner , the later one is dinner .
dinner happens after lunch .
lunch happens before dinner .
evening comes after morning , the earlier one is morning .
morning comes before evening , the later one is evening .
evening happens after morning .
morning happens before evening .
spring comes after winter , the earlier one is winter .
winter comes before spring , the later one is spring .
spring happens after winter .
winter happens before spring .
friday comes after monday , the earlier one is monday .
monday comes before friday , the later one is friday .
friday happens after monday .
monday happens before friday .
dessert comes after soup , the earlier one is soup .
soup comes before dessert , the later one is dessert .
dessert happens after soup .
soup happens before dessert .
sunset comes after sunrise , the earlier one is sunrise .
sunrise comes before sunset , the later one is sunset .
sunset happens after sunrise .
sunrise happens before sunset .
supper comes after lunch , the earlier one is lunch .
lunch comes before supper , the later one is supper .
supper happens after lunch .
lunch happens before supper .
night comes after day , the earlier one is day .
day comes before night , the later one is night .
night happens after day .
day happens before night .
the taxi arrived before the truck , the one that came later was the truck .
the taxi arrived first and the truck arrived later .
the truck arrived after the taxi , so the taxi was earlier .
the boat arrived before the ferry , the one that came later was the ferry .
the boat arrived first and the ferry arrived later .
the ferry arrived after the boat , so the boat was earlier .
the teacher arrived before the student , the one that came later was the student .
the teacher arrived first and the student arrived later .
the student arrived after the teacher , so the teacher was earlier .
the nurse arrived before the doctor , the one that came later was the doctor .
the nurse arrived first and the doctor arrived later .
the doctor arrived after the nurse , so the nurse was earlier .
the car arrived before the bicycle , the one that came later was the bicycle .
the car arrived first and the bicycle arrived later .
the bicycle arrived after the car , so the car was earlier .
the letter arrived before the package , the one that came later was the package .
the letter arrived first and the package arrived later .
the package arrived after the letter , so the letter was earlier .
a truck is a vehicle .
a taxi is a vehicle .
every vehicle needs fuel .
breakfast is the morning meal .
the meal was warm .
we cooked a big meal .
lunch is at noon .
we ate lunch at the market .
the cup is on the shelf .
the train is at the station .
the bus is at the station .
wash the plate .
we wash the car on sunday .
the cup is clean .
an action has a result .
the first action was to open the door .
the coin is inside the jar , so the jar contains the coin .
the jar contains the coin , the coin is inside the jar .
the coin is in the jar .
the jar holds the coin .
the key is inside the drawer , so the drawer contains the key .
the drawer contains the key , the key is inside the drawer .
the key is in the drawer .
the drawer holds the key .
the shirt is inside the suitcase , so the suitcase contains the shirt .
the suitcase contains the shirt , the shirt is inside the suitcase .
the shirt is in the suitcase .
the suitcase holds the shirt .
the letter is inside the envelope , so the envelope contains the letter .
the envelope contains the letter , the letter is inside the envelope .
the letter is in the envelope .
the envelope holds the letter .
the apple is inside the basket , so the basket contains the apple .
the basket contains the apple , the apple is inside the basket .
the apple is in the basket .
the basket holds the apple .
the pencil is inside the case , so the case contains the pencil .
the case contains the pencil , the pencil is inside the case .
the pencil is in the case .
the case holds the pencil .
the ring is inside the pocket , so the pocket contains the ring .
the pocket contains the ring , the ring is inside the pocket .
the ring is in the pocket .
the pocket holds the ring .
the toy is inside the crate , so the crate contains the toy .
the crate contains the toy , the toy is inside the crate .
the toy is in the crate .
the crate holds the toy .
the picture is above the sofa , so the sofa is below the picture .
the sofa is below the picture , the picture is above the sofa .
the picture is above the sofa .
the sofa is below the picture .
the clock is above the door , so the door is below the clock .
the door is below the clock , the clock is above the door .
the clock is above the door .
the door is below the clock .
the shelf is above the sink , so the sink is below the shelf .
the sink is below the shelf , the shelf is above the sink .
the shelf is above the sink .
the sink is below the shelf .
the roof is above the wall , so the wall is below the roof .
the wall is below the roof , the roof is above the wall .
the roof is above the wall .
the wall is below the roof .
the bird is above the tree , so the tree is below the bird .
the tree is below the bird , the bird is above the tree .
the bird is above the tree .
the tree is below the bird .
the cloud is above the hill , so the hill is below the cloud .
the hill is below the cloud , the cloud is above the hill .
the cloud is above the hill .
the hill is below the cloud .
the sign is above the gate , so the gate is below the sign .
the gate is below the sign , the sign is above the gate .
the sign is above the gate .
the gate is below the sign .
the light is above the table , so the table is below the light .
the table is below the light , the light is above the table .
the light is above the table .
the table is below the light .
the cup is to the left of the plate , so the plate is to the right of the cup .
the plate is to the right of the cup , the cup is to the left .
the cup is on the left and the plate is on the right .
the plate is beside the cup .
the chair is to the left of the table , so the table is to the right of the chair .
the table is to the right of the chair , the chair is to the left .
the chair is on the left and the table is on the right .
the table is beside the chair .
the truck is to the left of the car , so the car is to the right of the truck .
the car is to the right of the truck , the truck is to the left .
the truck is on the left and the car is on the right .
the car is beside the truck .
the shop is to the left of the bank , so the bank is to the right of the shop .
the bank is to the right of the shop , the shop is to the left .
the shop is on the left and the bank is on the right .
the bank is beside the shop .
the boy is to the left of the girl , so the girl is to the right of the boy .
the girl is to the right of the boy , the boy is to the left .
the boy is on the left and the girl is on the right .
the girl is beside the boy .
the cat is to the left of the dog , so the dog is to the right of the cat .
the dog is to the right of the cat , the cat is to the left .
the cat is on the left and the dog is on the right .
the dog is beside the cat .
the lamp is to the left of the sofa , so the sofa is to the right of the lamp .
the sofa is to the right of the lamp , the lamp is to the left .
the lamp is on the left and the sofa is on the right .
the sofa is beside the lamp .
the gate is to the left of the fence , so the fence is to the right of the gate .
the fence is to the right of the gate , the gate is to the left .
the gate is on the left and the fence is on the right .
the fence is beside the gate .
she read the book .
the book is on the table .
the bag is large .
we put the bag on the floor .
the lamp is on .
the desk is wooden .
the ball is round .
the boy kicked the ball .
the box is on the shelf .
the box is heavy .
the ball is under the table .
the lamp is beside the desk .
the cat is under the chair .
the dog is behind the gate .