one cat is on the roof .
a cat is on the lake .
the cat is on the roof .
two cats are on the lake .
the cats are on the roof .
three cats were on the lake .
one cat is on the roof and the cats are on the roof too .
one horse is in the field .
a horse is on the table .
the horse is in the field .
two horses are on the table .
the horses are in the field .
three horses were on the table .
one horse is in the field and the horses are in the field too .
one cow is at the door .
a cow is in the barn .
the cow is at the door .
two cows are in the barn .
the cows are at the door .
three cows were in the barn .
one cow is at the door and the cows are at the door too .
one goat is on the lake .
a goat is at the station .
the goat is on the lake .
two goats are at the station .
the goats are on the lake .
three goats were at the station .
one goat is on the lake and the goats are on the lake too .
one duck is on the table .
a duck is in the garden .
the duck is on the table .
two ducks are in the garden .
the ducks are on the table .
three ducks were in the garden .
one duck is on the table and the ducks are on the table too .
one frog is in the barn .
a frog is by the river .
the frog is in the barn .
two frogs are by the river .
the frogs are in the barn .
three frogs were by the river .
one frog is in the barn and the frogs are in the barn too .
one boat is at the station .
a boat is at the market .
the boat is at the station .
two boats are at the market .
the boats are at the station .
three boats were at the market .
one boat is at the station and the boats are at the station too .
one cup is in the garden .
a cup is on the roof .
the cup is in the garden .
two cups are on the roof .
the cups are in the garden .
three cups were on the roof .
one cup is in the garden and the cups are in the garden too .
one lamp is by the river .
a lamp is in the field .
the lamp is by the river .
two lamps are in the field .
the lamps are by the river .
three lamps were in the field .
one lamp is by the river and the lamps are by the river too .
one truck is at the market .
a truck is at the door .
the truck is at the market .
two trucks are at the door .
the trucks are at the market .
three trucks were at the door .
one truck is at the market and the trucks are at the market too .
one student is on the roof .
a student is on the lake .
the student is on the roof .
two students are on the lake .
the students are on the roof .
three students were on the lake .
one student is on the roof and the students are on the roof too .
one driver is in the field .
a driver is on the table .
the driver is in the field .
two drivers are on the table .
the drivers are in the field .
three drivers were on the table .
one driver is in the field and the drivers are in the field too .
one nurse is at the door .
a nurse is in the barn .
the nurse is at the door .
two nurses are in the barn .
the nurses are at the door .
three nurses were in the barn .
one nurse is at the door and the nurses are at the door too .
one farmer is on the lake .
a farmer is at the station .
the farmer is on the lake .
two farmers are at the station .
the farmers are on the lake .
three farmers were at the station .
one farmer is on the lake and the farmers are on the lake too .
one boy is on the table .
a boy is in the garden .
the boy is on the table .
two boys are in the garden .
the boys are on the table .
three boys were in the garden .
one boy is on the table and the boys are on the table too .
one girl is in the barn .
a girl is by the river .
the girl is in the barn .
two girls are by the river .
the girls are in the barn .
three girls were by the river .
one girl is in the barn and the girls are in the barn too .
one child is at the station .
a child is at the market .
the child is at the station .
two children are at the market .
the children are at the station .
three children were at the market .
one child is at the station and the children are at the station too .
one teacher is in the garden .
a teacher is on the roof .
the teacher is in the garden .
two teachers are on the roof .
the teachers are in the garden .
three teachers were on the roof .
one teacher is in the garden and the teachers are in the garden too .
a bird is on the roof .
the bird is singing in the tree .
every bird is looking for seeds .
this bird is small and brown .
a bird was in the garden .
the birds are flying south .
two birds are on the wire .
three birds were at the lake .
two dogs are barking in the yard .
our dogs are sleeping by the fire .
both dogs are waiting for dinner .
three dogs were at the park .
our dogs were tired after the walk .
the dog is on the sofa .
one dog is in the yard .
a dog is at the gate .
i am at the station .
i am a student .
i am in the garden .
i am at home today .
i am happy .
i am late .
today i am at home and yesterday i was at the office .
we were at the market .
they were in the garden .
you were at the door .
yesterday we were at the beach .
yesterday they were at the museum .
last week we were at the lake .
the boys were tired .
the cups were on the shelf .
they walk to school every day .
we walk along the river on sunday .
the children walk to the park .
i walk to work .
you walk very fast .
she is walking to the park .
the boy is walking the dog .
we are walking to the station .
they are walking along the beach .
the farmer is walking to the barn .
yesterday he walked to the market .
today he walk to the market and yesterday he walked to the market too .
yesterday he painted the fence .
today he paint the fence and yesterday he painted the fence too .
yesterday he jumped into the lake .
today he jump into the lake and yesterday he jumped into the lake too .
yesterday they cooked dinner .
today they cook dinner and yesterday they cooked dinner too .
yesterday they talked about rivers .
today they talk about rivers and yesterday they talked about rivers too .
yesterday they walked along the beach .
today they walk along the beach and yesterday they walked along the beach too .
yesterday we played football .
today we play football and yesterday we played football too .
yesterday we cleaned the kitchen .
today we clean the kitchen and yesterday we cleaned the kitchen too .
yesterday we walked home .
today we walk home and yesterday we walked home too .
yesterday the boy visited the museum .
today the boy visit the museum and yesterday the boy visited the museum too .
yesterday the boy climbed the hill .
today the boy climb the hill and yesterday the boy climbed the hill too .
yesterday the boy walked to the bank .
today the boy walk to the bank and yesterday the boy walked to the bank too .
yesterday my sister painted the fence .
today my sister paint the fence and yesterday my sister painted the fence too .
yesterday my sister jumped into the lake .
today my sister jump into the lake and yesterday my sister jumped into the lake too .
yesterday my sister walked to the market .
today my sister walk to the market and yesterday my sister walked to the market too .
yesterday my uncle talked about rivers .
today my uncle talk about rivers and yesterday my uncle talked about rivers too .
yesterday my uncle walked along the beach .
today my uncle walk along the beach and yesterday my uncle walked along the beach too .
yesterday my uncle cooked dinner .
today my uncle cook dinner and yesterday my uncle cooked dinner too .
yesterday the driver cleaned the kitchen .
today the driver clean the kitchen and yesterday the driver cleaned the kitchen too .
yesterday the driver walked home .
today the driver walk home and yesterday the driver walked home too .
yesterday the driver played football .
today the driver play football and yesterday the driver played football too .
yesterday the nurse climbed the hill .
today the nurse climb the hill and yesterday the nurse climbed the hill too .
yesterday the nurse walked to the bank .
today the nurse walk to the bank and yesterday the nurse walked to the bank too .
yesterday the nurse visited the museum .
today the nurse visit the museum and yesterday the nurse visited the museum too .
yesterday the farmer jumped into the lake .
today the farmer jump into the lake and yesterday the farmer jumped into the lake too .
yesterday the farmer walked to the market .
today the farmer walk to the market and yesterday the farmer walked to the market too .
yesterday the farmer painted the fence .
today the farmer paint the fence and yesterday the farmer painted the fence too .
yesterday the girl walked along the beach .
today the girl walk along the beach and yesterday the girl walked along the beach too .
yesterday the girl cooked dinner .
today the girl cook dinner and yesterday the girl cooked dinner too .
yesterday the girl talked about rivers .
today the girl talk about rivers and yesterday the girl talked about rivers too .
yesterday our teacher walked home .
today our teacher walk home and yesterday our teacher walked home too .
yesterday our teacher played football .
today our teacher play football and yesterday our teacher played football too .
yesterday our teacher cleaned the kitchen .
today our teacher clean the kitchen and yesterday our teacher cleaned the kitchen too .
yesterday the children walked to the bank .
today the children walk to the bank and yesterday the children walked to the bank too .
yesterday the children visited the museum .
today the children visit the museum and yesterday the children visited the museum too .
yesterday the children climbed the hill .
today the children climb the hill and yesterday the children climbed the hill too .
last week she walked to the office .
last night she talked with her mother .
last month she painted the kitchen .
this morning she walked the dog around the block .
she walked to the park with her friend .
she cooked rice and beans on sunday .
yesterday it rained all afternoon .
yesterday the shop opened late .
yesterday the baby slept for three hours .
